Hey, good morning family. Praise the
Lord and welcome to our broadcast. Well,
it's Diana and Brandon and we're excited
to be here. We have some things on our
heart. There's a lot going on, and I
say that every time. But my goodness,
we laugh about it because
of all the things that are happening
right now. It seems like every time you
turn around, there's something
new going on. I mean,
the IRS
is
getting rid of 20,000 people. Then we
had the main IRS guy say he's
quitting. That's a big deal in America.
I don't know, that might not
be a big deal to other nations right
now because I know I'm talking to
everybody, but here,
it's like a circus on the news. What
is going on? The stock
market is still kind of teeter-tottery, but
God's still on the throne.
He's not falling off and the
sky is not falling. All we know is that
Jesus is coming and he's coming soon.
But I have a word of encouragement for
y'all today. One of my favorite
passages in the Bible is Genesis
26. There was famine in the land. And I
know that God told me—I feel
in my spirit—'Brandon, I'm
going to give you a window of
opportunity before a major shaking takes
place, a major opportunity for the body
of Christ, the ones that are
listening.'And
I'm praying for that
opportunity. Show us, Lord, what it is
for the windows to open up over our
household because I know what
he's called us to do. And we cannot do
it in the natural without a surplus.
It's going to take the fishes and the
loaves type of a miracle for what God
has called Diana and I to do in these
last days. We talk about it
and
we pray about it. I know we haven't
stepped fully into what he's told us to
do, but you don't start at a
run. You start to learn how to walk
and jog first, right? Most people
try to run first. It's time
to apply some wisdom with this. But I
was thinking about
the passage
where
there was famine in the land with Isaac,
and he planted and he sowed in famine.
Just read that, honey. I think it's
just a blessing.
You can read the first couple of
verses up here and then let's go
down to verse 12. 'And there was a
famine in the land other than the former
famine that was in the days of Abraham.
And Isaac went to Gerar to
Abimelech, king—I
probably butchered
that—Abimelech,
king of the
Philistines. And the Lord appeared to
him and said, "Do not go down to Egypt.
Live in the land of which I will tell
you, dwell temporarily in this land, and
I will be with you and will favor you
with blessings for you and to your
descendants. I will give all these lands
and I will perform the oath which I
swore to Abraham your father and I will
make your descendants..."'So pause right
there for a second.
A key to walking in the blessing is
obedience. Just right there: being
where God has called you to be
regardless of what you feel. Don't go
down to Egypt because that's probably
where the hot spot was. It's
probably the major hub of all the
finances back then. Egypt was
probably it, I'm sure.
So everybody was like,
'We got to go to Egypt because that's
where the money's at.'But he says,
'Stay where you are.'And there's a
famine in the land. I'm sure Isaac was
like, 'What? Seriously?'So he went down
to the king
Abimelech
to the Philistines because he's
like, 'We got to go try to make some
trade deals or
something.'But
going all the way
down—because
this is a big
chapter—read
verse 12. That's my
favorite. 'Then Isaac sowed seed in that
land and received in the same year a
hundred times as much as he had planted.
And the Lord favored him with
blessings.'I
just thought if God did it for him, he'll do it
every single time. But he had
to do something. He had to sow the seed.
He didn't just sit back and wait for God
to do it; he didn't just
say,
'God, make it happen.'He
sowed
the seed. And
just like we do, we sow into the
offerings. We sow into the church. We
sow
into God's work. In
that sowing
into what God has called you to do by
being obedient to the word whenever he
tells you to do it, he obeyed him. He
sowed
and he stayed in the land where he
was
supposed to be. And he
sowed
in famine whenever we see
what's going on on the news right now.
The sky is falling, Chicken Little. I
mean, it's like trade wars.
Oh no, China's done
something else—stopping the
minerals and the magnets. My
goodness, it looks like a
famine's trying to come on. It looks
like what I hear is that
Warren Buffett has all this and what
they're doing. I get all these
articles and it
causes
your flesh to shake a
little bit. Like I told you, if you're
going
horizontal, looking at everything right
now
in the natural, it makes you go,
'Whoa, a little shaky.'I'm like, 'Hold
on a
minute.'For
what the Lord has blessed us
with, you go, 'Should we bury
it?'You
start thinking in the natural. But you
have to think in the spiritual because
I'm going to tell you: sowing in famine
sounds really dumb.
Why would you sow any seed when there's
no rain? There's drought; it's famine.
But he obeyed God. He sowed in famine
and he reaped. Read it again. What
happened? 'Then Isaac sowed seed in that
land and received in the same year a
hundred times as much as he had planted.
And the Lord favored him with blessings.
And the man became great and gained more
and more until he became very wealthy
and distinguished. He owned flocks,
herds, and a great supply of servants.
And the Philistines envied him.'Now, why would they envy him? Because it didn't happen to the unjust. They were jealous because their crops didn't turn around and reap a hundredfold. They were going, 'What gives?'and looking at him going, 'He's walking in the blessing and the favor of God's all over him.'And he's doing exactly what God had called him to do in the famine. The blessing and the favor of the Lord was on him in a supernatural way. Now, ladies and gentlemen, if God would do that for Isaac in famine, how much more will he do it for you? How much more will God bless your hands and whatever you put your hands to will it prosper if you just believe him? If you put your boat into motion and not sit idly by and go, 'Well, where's my angel with the money sack?'Isaac planted in famine. But you have to be—bottom line—you have to be where God has called you to be. You have to be doing what God has called you to do. And if you are and you're in that place of obedience, blessing is behind the obedience. So keep going, baby. You can keep reading. 'Now all
the wells which his father's servants
had dug
in the days of Abraham
his father, the Philistines had closed
and filled with earth.'And that's
jealousy right there. They're going
to fill all those wells up. 'We don't
want you blessed, so we're going to fill
your well
up.'There's
always going to be somebody
trying to fill your well up, trying to
put dirt on your well
coming out of you. 'Oh, that can't
happen. You'll never make it.'Those are
the well cover-uppers here.
We don't have actual wells that they try
to block, but there's always somebody
trying to speak doubt into your
faith, telling you you can't do
what God's told you you can do. And
don't you know there's famine out there,
dummy? But you have
your eyes on God. You're going vertical.
They filled the wells up.
Sorry for interjecting what
the Lord said. Abimelech said to Isaac,
'Go away from us, for you are much
mightier than we are.'So Isaac went
away from there and pitched his tent in
the valley of Gerar and dwelt there.
And Isaac dug again the wells of water
which had been dug in the days of
Abraham his father, for the Philistines
had stopped them after the death of
Abraham. And he gave them the names by
which his father had called them. Now
Isaac's servants dug in the valley and
found there a well of living spring
water. And the
herdsmen of
Gerar
quarreled with Isaac's herdsmen, saying,
'The water is ours.'And he named the
well Esek, meaning contention, because they
quarreled
with him. Then his servants dug
another well and they quarreled over that
also. So he named it Sitnah,
meaning enmity.
And he moved away from there
and dug another well; for that one they
did not quarrel. He named it Rehoboth,
meaning
room, saying, 'For now the Lord has made
room for us and we will be fruitful in
the
land.'Yeah,
but there are always going to be
people trying to leech off
your blessing too. But there's so much
abundance on you that it won't matter.
Now he went up from there to
Beersheba,
and the Lord appeared to him that same
night and said, 'I am the God of Abraham
your father. Fear not, for I am with
you, and I will favor you with blessings
and multiply your descendants for the
sake of my servant Abraham.'And Isaac
built an altar there and called on the
name of the Lord and pitched his tent
there. And there Isaac's servants were
digging a well. Basically, a well is
life. Even in our time right now,
a well brings forth life; it brings forth
greenery.
Because if you
don't have the fresh living water of
the word coming up out of you, you're
dry. So even then, it's a type
and
shadow. We've got to get in that river,
that well coming up out of us, and
have that going on in these last days in
the time of famine. There's a word
famine going on too. If you
haven't noticed, there seems to be a
word famine. And we see that Isaac
was determined to keep the
wells open because he knew where
the life came from. He knew how much he
had to have that living well. How much
more do we need that living well
coming up out of us and having
this freshness of this new fire? It
sounds
like the Lord
himself appeared. It says the Lord
appeared to him in the Old Covenant,
y'all. This isn't
New Covenant. How many of y'all
know that Jesus will appear to you
and
will have a relationship with you? But
you think, 'Well, it's just for Brandon;
it's just for Diana. The Lord just
appears to them; He won't talk to
me.'He's
no respecter of
persons. And I want to tell you all,
from
what I have seen
coming, you better get Genesis 26 down
inside of you, understanding that
we can sow in famine. And not only can
we sow in famine, but we can reap a
hundredfold
that same
year because God is with us. Is God with
you? I'm going to say it: God is with me,
and He is with Diana, and He is with Braden,
and He is with my daughters. He is with
us. If God is for me, who can be against
me? If goodness and mercy are chasing me
down—the
Bible says, 'Then goodness and
mercy will follow me all the days of my
life and I will dwell in the house of
the Lord forever.'If goodness and mercy are following us and
the blessing of the Lord
is following
you—from
what I have
seen coming, we have a window, and I'm
still praying over that window. I am
like, 'Devil, you aren't holding back my
blessing. Let go of my money that God
has called for us to have.'And you
get the Holy Ghost; He gives us creative
ideas to do it. And whatever He
tells you to do, like I said before, do
it. Like Mary, who said, 'Whatever He
tells you to do, do it. Fill up the pots
with water.'Look at Elijah telling the
widow, 'Make me a piece of cake with the
last grain that you have and prepare
it for me.'And guess what happened? She
did it, but it was the last of what she
had. And then he told her to go get
all the pots that she could find.
Why? Because
you sowed in
famine. And now guess what? Get ready to
reap your hundredfold return. And all the
pots she could find filled up with
oil, so much so that she had enough to
pay the debt. She had enough to do
everything she needed to do. She had a
surplus. Do you know we serve a God of
the
surplus? We serve a God of the running
over. We serve a God of the overflow.
He's not just a 'barely getting
by'God.
He's a hundredfold return God. You
sow
in famine when it doesn't make any
sense to sow it. And you've got the
Philistines and you've got
Wall Street and you've got
whoever they are around you
looking at you and going, 'How in the world is
he thriving in an economy like this? How
is he thriving in an economy like
what's going to come?'From what I told you, like
the
1930s. You say, 'Well, can we stop that?'No.
There are
going to be dark,
dark days. I've told you this. The
horses are riding. And most people
go, 'When is that happening?'Just look
around you. Who knows? But I'm going to
tell you, I'm always going to have my eyes
fixed on Him, listening to Him, not
worried about when, when,
when. I don't need to worry about when.
All I need to do is keep staying
vertical and listening to Him. And He
will tell me when to plant the
seed. He will tell me when to give. He's
not going to let me sit by and go,
'Well, you didn't give it a couple of weeks
ago when I told you to, so you're going
to starve.'That's not the kind of God
we
serve. If He takes care of the lilies of
the field and He takes care of the
sparrows
of the air, how much more—if He
took care of the widow with the
son and the debts and all the things
that He's done in the
past? They honored the man of God and
they did what he said to do more than
one time. And then we see Isaac having a
blessing like this. You see all these
beautiful testimonies in this beautiful
book that God's given us. And I just
wanted to encourage you all today with
all the things that are going on right
now. And they say it's a new economy and
they're trying to do all this new stuff.
All I want you to know is
that
it might get darker before it
gets light. But I know that if we're in
that place of
famine, He'll do the same for us. It
may all be a complete meltdown of the
economy in the days ahead. Might be. But
if Isaac can sow in famine and reap a
hundredfold
that same year, how much more
is our God able to do it for
us? Because we have a better covenant.
His was with
Abraham.
He was just lining up with
what his dad did, Abraham. And that was
a great covenant still going on today.
But we have a covenant, a better
covenant, and it's with Jesus's blood.
This week is Holy
Week. Tomorrow
is almost Easter or Good Friday or
whatever is coming. And you know what?
We're in a time of great
thanksgiving, and great blessing is on
our households. I believe that Jesus
paid the price for every single one of
you to not just walk in the blessing of
finances, but to walk in health,
wholeness, wellness, mental clarity—not
a
foggy mind, not a demonic mind, not
torment in your sleep, not anything
the devil has tried to throw at you. God
is going to turn it around for good in
your favor. I believe that what the
devil meant for bad, God is going to
turn it around for
good. And you may turn around and
go, 'Goodness and mercy, that's what you
need to.'You turn around. That's what
you're doing. You turn around, you're
looking and you're saying, 'Goodness and
mercy is following me,
devil, all the days of my life, and I'm
going to dwell in the house of the Lord
forever.'So,
you have taken your best
shot, but I command sevenfold what you
stole.
And I believe in that same year
right now a hundredfold return over the
seeds I've sowed. I've given and I've
sowed, and the Bible says, 'Whatsoever a
man soweth, that will he also
reap.'Good
measure, pressed down, shaken together,
and running over will men give
into
your bosom. I believe that in famine my
hands are going to prosper. So I don't
care what the economy says. I don't care
what the stock market says. I don't care
if there's a supply chain gap
and there's no medicines, there's no
whatever. All I know is that God is
able. I've yet to say my God is able
to do exceedingly abundantly above all I
could dare ask or think. I believe that
I'll be the head and not the tail.
Deuteronomy 28 is another one of my
favorite
books and chapters. I read Deuteronomy
so much that I go outside
with
it, lay hands on all the clothes
on eBay, and I quote Deuteronomy 28
over it to the point where the neighbors
are thinking, 'What is going on with
this guy?'I'm not kidding. I yell
it and I go out there and lay hands on
every toe because he said, 'Whatever you
put your hands to'—Deuteronomy 28. 'If you
will listen diligently to the voice of
the Lord your God, being watchful to do
all his commandments, which I command
you this day, the Lord your God will set
you high above all the nations of the
earth. And all these blessings shall
come upon you and overtake you if you
heed the voice of the Lord your God.
Blessed shall you be in the city, and
blessed shall you be in the field.
Blessed shall be the fruit of your body,
and the fruit of your ground, and the
fruit of your beast, the increase of
your cattle, and the young of your
flock. Blessed shall be your basket and
your kneading
trough. Blessed shall you be
when you come in, and blessed shall you
be when you go out. The
Lord shall cause your enemies who rise
up against you to be defeated before
your face. They shall come out against
you one way and flee before you seven
ways. The Lord shall command the
blessing upon you in your storehouse and
in all that you undertake. All that you
put your hands to,
everything.'Deuteronomy
28, folks. Get
it down and say, 'I believe it.
Everything I put my hands to will
prosper.'Yes,
I just believe it.
Keep going. It's my favorite. 'And he
will bless you in the land which the
Lord your God gives you. And the Lord
will establish you as a people holy to
himself, as he has sworn to you, if you
keep the commandments of the Lord your
God and walk in his ways. And all the
people of the earth shall see that you
are called by the name and in the
presence of the Lord, and they shall be
afraid of you.'Pause. That's one of the
verses the Lord said, 'I'm going to blow
on this verse even more.'And they will
see that you're called by name. They
will see that you're called by my name
and in the presence of the Lord. And
they will be afraid of you because the
glory is on you. And it would freak you out if
you saw someone glowing.
They're going, 'Whoa,'well, they're not
afraid because it's like you have a
haughtiness;
they are afraid because they
feel
they see Jesus on you and it causes
them to tremble because the anointing of
the Holy Ghost is on you in a special
way, and they're going to look at you and
go, 'What is different?'I'm telling
you what, that lady freaks me out
because her eyes are glowing with the
glory.
They just see something
because the presence of the Lord is
convicting.
It draws them
in. Read it again.
This is my favorite.
'And all the people of the
earth shall see that you are called by
the name and in the presence of the
Lord, and they shall be afraid of you.
And the Lord shall make you have a
surplus of prosperity through the fruit
of your body, of your livestock, and of
your ground in the land which the Lord
swore to your fathers to give
you.'Yes.
Surplus. See, that's overflow.
That's not like, 'Well, we just got a
little bit in the bank.'No, surplus.
If God gave them
surplus, how much more will he give us
surplus?
You've
got to think that way.
He's a surplus God.
It's good.
'And the
Lord shall open to you his good
treasury, the heavens, to give the rain
of your land in its season, and to bless
all the work of your hands. And you
shall lend to many nations, but you
shall not borrow. And the Lord shall
make you the head and not the tail, and
you shall be above only, and you shall
not be beneath, if you heed the
commandments of the Lord your God, which
I command you this day, and are watchful
to do them.'Now, think about that.
You
couldn't
stop there because
you'll lend to many nations.
Now, what kind of money does it take to
lend to a
nation? It's not, 'Well, we had a
hundred extra dollars to give to you,
Mr. Egypt,'or whatever nation it was.
No, it was a surplus. It takes a lot of
money. It costs billions. Ask
the United States government, who
is
36 trillion in the hole.
Not just a little bit.
We've
lent
to
many nations,
but we've borrowed.
That's
staggering. But praise the Lord,
that's not our problem.
We don't have to
worry about that thirty-six trillion.
Thank you, Jesus.
Well, let's take communion on that note.
I just try to
encourage you. I want you to believe
with all the things that are going on in
this beautiful season, this Holy Week,
to believe for
bigger, to believe and stretch yourself
out there for bigger. God has not
fallen off his throne. He's not lost it.
He didn't have to sacrifice ten cows or
sell ten cows. God
has the cattle on a thousand hills. He
didn't go up there and say, 'Jesus,
we've
got to sell ten thousand head of cattle because
Brandon needs some
money.'He
didn't say
it about you either. 'Well,
we better go dig up some of our gold
street up here and go to the
pawn shop, Jesus, and cash some
of those bricks in at the pawn
shop.'He
didn't say that. He is a God of more
than enough. And I want you to believe
him for bigger today. I want you to
stretch out your faith. George
Mueller said he had to start believing
the Lord
when
he had the orphanages and he did all the
things he did, and that was in the
1800s.
He would believe God for a dollar.
He
got his faith built all the way up to
believe him for a million bucks all the time—to be able to
believe
for a million
dollars for his orphanages and get it
in. But you had to start your faith
somewhere.
So, don't get
discouraged whenever you don't have
the faith right now to believe for, you
know, $100,000.
Start somewhere. Start
believing God for a dollar today.
Believe God for something
supernatural just with a dollar if
that's where your faith is at.
But don't look down
on it because
the Bible says that everybody has
been dealt the measure of
faith. It is what you
do
to grow
your
faith.
You feed your faith by reading
the word and then you exercise it.
If you don't, then you can't complain
about your faith staying small.
But you can't say Brandon's face is bigger
than mine. Folks, it has all been a
work in progress. I look at other
people and I go, "Man, I have so far to
go in my faith to
believe for more, extra, and
overflow."But
I know that it
all comes by hearing, and hearing by the
word of God. Faith cometh by hearing, and
hearing by the word of God. It doesn't
come any other way. You say, "Well, if I
see somebody get raised from the dead,
that's going to increase my
faith."No.
Within a couple of weeks, you'll start
doubting it. "Well, did I really see
that?"But
the only way your faith grows
is not by seeing; it's by hearing.
People say, "Well, if I see miracles
and
these things, then I'll
believe."No,
it's by hearing. The Bible said it,
so I'm just going to believe what the
Bible says. Faith comes by not seeing.
He didn't say by seeing; it said by
hearing.
It didn't say
hearing it once. We've got to hear it so
many times that it feels like
to your flesh you're going, "I don't need
to hear this anymore. I've already heard
this."No,
you need to hear it again.
It's repetition.
Getting it down inside of your spirit.
If Isaac
would have said, "Hey, I'm not going to
plant my
seeds,"it
took faith. I'm telling you, when
you're in drought and you're in famine
and you're obeying God, trust me,
anyone
in their
right mind in the natural, if you're
putting seeds in the ground and there's
famine in the land and no
rain—and
you know what famine does; it
doesn't
grow a hundredfold
return—it
takes
faith to do that. So, you have to do
whatever the Lord tells you to do; do
it, even if it doesn't make sense.
I
know it's not going to always be easy,
but you have to. That's
where your faith comes in. Where is
your chokehold?
Where is
your chokehold
of believing God?
I know where mine is at right now, and
I'm trying to stretch myself
to
believe
bigger. Believe God for bigger today.
And that's
where Diana and
I are
at. We're believing God for bigger
today.
It's time. We're going to throw out our
net just like Peter and believe for the
big catch.
He said do it; throw
it over. You get a boatload of fish and
you go, "What am I going to do with all
these
fish?"Let's
take communion
and believe God right now for your
supernatural turnaround. Whatever you
need, whatever it may be. You may say,
"Brandon, it's way huge. In fact,
we're so far in debt, I don't think
we'll ever get out of
this."No,
I believe
whatever you sow, that you will reap.
And I believe that God will turn around
your circumstances within a 24-hour
period if you just believe him for it.
I'll
give you a creative idea. I saw this
little article about a little
boy out digging in the yard.
He was playing with his daddy's metal
detector and he found it
in 2013.
He found an old
little box of jewelry from the 1700s
that was his carving, and the estimated
value after he found this was
$4
million. $4 million American
dollars is what this was worth by
accident. Just this little
kid playing around the yard. I'm
telling you folks, there's hidden
treasures in the fountains of the
deep. The Bible says
there's hidden treasures and he will
show you the hidden treasures in the
deep where nobody's going to
know where they are other than the Holy
Ghost. The Holy Spirit's going to be the
one to tell you these things. If you're
listening, he may say, "Go over there in
that spot in that field right over
there, and there is a gold bar
there that some pirate
buried."The
sky's the limit. God is
able to do this kind of stuff if you
believe it.
If a fish can pay the taxes
for
Jesus out of a gold coin out of the
fish's mouth, how much more can God
produce a gold coin in the
fish's mouth for you? So, I just want
to take communion with y'all and just
believe big. I just want you
to have an expectation for the
manifestation of the Lord this day, not
five years from now, but start believing
him for the now. Believe him for the now
and the healing in your body and the
deliverance of your mind. He came to
set the captives
free and all we have to do is reach out
and grab it by faith. I believe that
we have the mind of Christ.
There's so many of you that are
tormented in your
mind. You need to grab this beautiful
book and you need to renew your mind.
The only thing that's ever going to set
you free is the word of God. You can go
your whole life and listen to all these
psychiatrists, all these medicated
pills, all these little talks on the
internet trying to find something to
soothe
your soul. But I'm telling you,
it's going to take renewing your
mind
daily. Act like this is medicine.
Take this like a
prescription. How many times does a doctor
tell you to take a pill? Maybe you
have to take it twice a day.
Some people who are diabetic have to
eat and take it several times.
How many times do you feed your spirit?
You feed your flesh three times a day.
You should feed your spirit three times
a day.
Get this beautiful book and
renew your mind with it. It is a
lamp unto your feet and a light into
your
path. I believe this word of God
will change you from the inside out.
Find a
sermon by Kenneth Hagin or somebody
and let them preach the word to you.
That's what we do. Diana and I, we go, "Man, I
feel my tank's a little empty. Let's go
fill it up."Find a
good sermon on YouTube. We
type in "faith"or something by
Kenneth Hagin and we put it on,
or find an old Oral Roberts book and
she'll read to me. By the time she's in
the fourth or fifth chapter of that
book, I feel filled up.
You have to be
active. You
can't just be lackadaisical about it.
Nobody
is
lackadaisical
about going to the
dinner table and eating. You go in
there aggressive. "Give me another
helping of those mashed
potatoes,"especially
if you're
hungry.
Your flesh starts screaming, but
your spirit is quiet.
Ask the Holy Spirit to let
you be conscious of your
spirit. Help me to be conscious of my
spirit and knowing when I'm
spiritually hungry that I don't ignore
my spirit today.
Because the spirit man is the most ignored thing
about you. A lot
of you have weak, anemic little bodies
spiritually and you're going, "I can't
fight the devil off."He comes and
you're just swinging your little sword
spiritually, trying to fight
off this big devil and you've got
this little weeny arm
because you're
anemic and haven't been feeding. But
if you look like
Arnold Schwarzenegger in the spirit
realm and you go up there and say, "I tell
you what, devil,"leapfrog you and cut
his head off. I mean, seriously. But it's
going to be the one who has the muscles.
How do you get muscles spiritually? By
feeding on the Word, praying in the
Spirit, getting in books.
I'll keep
preaching. Father, I just thank You for
this body. Father, I thank You, Lord,
that You were wounded for our
transgressions. You were bruised for our
iniquities. The chastisement of our
peace is upon You, and with Your
stripes, we're healed. Thank You for
this week, Lord. Thank You for the
Resurrection Sunday that we have
before us. Thank You, Lord, that we are
healed and whole and well by Your
stripes. Thank You, Lord, that we're
delivered, Father, from satanic
oppression because of what You did on
that cross. And we take this body right
now in the name of Jesus. And we give
You all the glory, honor, and praise for
everything You've done and everything
You're going to do. And Lord, we thank
You right now in
Jesus'name.
And Lord, we take the blood and we
apply the blood over our life, over our
sin, over our household, over our car,
our finances, everything we do. God, I
thank You, Lord. We plead the blood of
Jesus over us. And we cover ourselves in
the blood from the top of our head to
the soles of our feet. And we thank You,
Lord, for the blood of Jesus right now.
We thank You, Lord, for whom the Son has
set free is free indeed. And we take
the blood right now in
Jesus'name,
Lord. We just want to praise
You.
Thank You, Lord. You've been so
good to
us. Lord,
we praise You. We worship
You, for You are good and Your mercy endures
forever. Thank You, Father, for a good
day today. Thank You, Lord, for a good
weekend. Thank You, Lord, for Easter.
Lord, we lift up Easter services before
You, God, that everything the devil has
planned to kill, steal, and destroy,
Father, You uncover it all. And the very
hole they've dug, the very pits they've
dug, Father, to kill, steal, and
destroy, they'll fall into it
themselves. I call confusion in the
enemy's camp; just like Gideon, there
was confusion and they turned on
themselves. Father, I thank You, Lord,
that the Red Dawn experiences
and the things that You've showed me in
this
nation, the hidden sleeper cells, we
call them all uncovered in the name of
Jesus. Every plot, every plan of the
wicked, we say you are uncovered. We
will not have any kind of demonic attack
through terrorist activity over this
nation. We thank You, Lord, that the
nation is covered by the blood and
Homeland Security, the FBI, whoever it
may be that protects us—our local law
enforcement, the sheriff's
department—will
uncover it through leaks, through
even, Father, through our citizens that
are just paying attention and
saying, 'Listen, there's odd activity
going on over there.'And Father, I
thank You, Lord, that all hidden things
be revealed in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that none
of our
brothers or sisters—none
of us—will
perish. Not one of
them will be hurt on Easter Sunday.
There will not be anybody in any time,
Father. But I thank You, Father, for the
holy day of Easter. Father, we thank
You, Lord, for all around the world,
from Iraq to all the places that they
serve and worship and have Easter
service. Father, we thank You, Lord,
that no weapon formed against them would
prosper. We thank You, Lord, that the
angels of the Lord are camped around and
about every single church
service. We thank You, Lord, that Your
angels are watching with swords and
shields drawn. We plead the blood of
Jesus Christ from the north, the south,
the east, the west. We put angels. We
cover our homes. We cover our houses. We
cover our property. We cover us that no
calamity, no evil comes nigh us. We
cover our marriages. We cover our
children. We say that our marriages are
strong. Our marriage will last forever.
Father, we'll not have divorce;
generational
curses of having divorce in the marriage line are broken.
Father,
that they'll live long and finish
strong, that they'll not have short
life. Father, that You said with long
life You would satisfy us and show us
Your salvation. And we're believing for
at least 120 years. Father, I thank You,
Lord, for healthy, whole bodies from the top
of our heads to the soles of our feet
with no bad cholesterol, heart
disease, Alzheimer's, dementia,
strokes, diabetes, or whatever it
may be—cancers. Father, I thank You, Lord,
that with long life and health, You'll
satisfy us.
Father, I thank You that
we don't go until we're satisfied with
what You've given us on this earth. That
we say we're satisfied. Father, I
thank You, Lord, that we are staying
and we will finish the race with our
hands lifted high, not with our heads
lifted high and our hands fighting,
saying, 'No, we're not going to let the
devil knock us
down.'No,
we go and we have a
victory. We go from victory to victory.
We're going from glory to glory to
glory. And Father, I thank You, Lord,
that my wife and my children say
we're blessed.
We walk in divine health. We
walk in health that is sustained all the
time. We don't get sick. We don't have
sickness in this house. We don't have
disease in this house.
We have a covenant with a God who's able
to keep us whole, who's able to keep us
well, who's able to keep us prosperous,
who's able to keep us mentally sound. We
don't have to be tormented in our minds
with fear, worried about tomorrow, for
tomorrow will take thought of itself. We have
our eyes on Jesus. We have our eyes
fixed on You. And I thank You, Lord,
that You're giving our president,
President Trump. And we thank You, Lord,
that JD Vance is blessed and he has the
mind of Christ, and these men are leading
this nation. And Father, we pray for
Canada right
now, that they're going to have a
huge victory for the right.
The left is going away. I thank You,
Father, that this is a time like never
before that we see the righteous vote.
They go out and vote. We call Canada's
vote 'too big to rig'too. It's too much
of a landslide victory that the
politicians that are evil and corrupt
that I saw with the bad voting, Father,
they'll be exposed and they'll be
brought to justice. And Father, there
will
be too much of
an
outstanding cry for a turn in the
Canadian
government for them to rise up
and say, 'We are done. We are fed up
with the way things are going with
Justin Trudeau in the past and this new
guy.'Father,
they'll say,
'We don't want this. We want godly
people. We want godly character, and
we won't be satisfied until we get
it.'Father,
they'll turn this thing
around and Canada will turn around in
the name of Jesus. We thank You from
sea
to shining
sea.
Father, they'll have a revival over
Canada in this voting session next week.
I believe it's next week or the next
week, Father, on the 28th. And Father,
it will be a landslide victory, a
landslide victory in the name of Jesus,
like what we would call a red wave. I
thank You—I don't know what color they
are—but
Father, they call a red wave
of victory for the Canadian
people. We thank You, Lord, for
supernatural victory concerning the
South Koreans. Father, You said there's
a vote coming for South Korea. We call
votes for South Korea to turn around.
That you will not go underneath the
communist regime. That you will rise up
and vote like you're supposed to over
your president, over your prime
minister. And we say in the name of
Jesus, there is a God-fearing man coming
in there, and they will not have a
demonic spirit come over them from North
Korea, that they will say 'we plead the
blood and thus far and no further, Satan,
and you will not have South
Korea.'You
will not touch South Korea in the name
of Jesus, making them a communist
country. We will rise up and put a
standard against you with the blood of
Jesus Christ. And we thank you, Lord, that
we apply that blood right now in the
name of Jesus over South Korea. We plead
it
over Taiwan and over these
nations that are desperate for a move of
God, over China, the Philippines,
and all over Africa. We thank you,
Lord, for supernatural revival coming
forth over South America, over
Brazil, and over all of it. Father,
there's so
much—Venezuela
especially, Father, needs
a move of God. I thank you, Lord.
Father, that there would be a major
harvest of souls beyond what this world has
ever seen before. And Father, there
would be a harvest of souls; it would be
so much that we won't be able to count
them all in a day. Father, I thank you
when people say, 'Well, how many
people got saved in your
service?'Well,
we got a hundred. No, there's so many
that we can't count all of them because
there's too many to count.
There's not enough time in the day to
count everybody that got saved, that got
delivered, that got healed, that got
whole, that got well, and that got
radically changed by the power of God.
We believe that this is the generation
that will not taste death. That will be
the generation that says, 'Thus far and
no further, Satan; we're going up with
the rapture.'This is the time like
never before that we will soar and not
go under; we will go over and above all
that we ask or think because Jesus
Christ dwells on the inside of us. We
thank you, Father, that this is the
time, this is an
outpouring—the
outpouring of your Spirit, the
outpouring of the overflow of the glory
is coming like waters cover the
sea. We believe, Father, that this is a
time like never before that we're going
to see the outpouring of your Spirit:
one last call, one last harvest of
souls, one major push for revival that
we will see an awakening unto God. From
coast to coast all around the world,
we're going to see an awakening unto
God, a shaking to awaken over
America. Thank you, Lord, for Israel.
Thank you, Lord, for the peace and
these
meetings that are ahead with our
president and with Iran,
that there will not be a major war break
out in the Middle East, no matter how
much we've seen war breaking out at a
greater level. Father, you said that we
could call and ask. So, we call for peace. We call
for your divine
hand to be on the land. Father, I
thank you, Lord, that your divine
hand—that
they would surrender and they
wouldn't want nuclear weapons and they
don't want to kill all the infidels they
call Christians. They don't want to kill
all the Jewish people they call
Zionists. We're not going to have all
that.
They can
coexist
in
peace without having to kill people and
do all the things of war. Father, I
thank you, Lord, for
your hand, your
grace, and your mercy,
for
you said judgment begins in the house of
the Lord first. And Father, we call forth
a cleansing of the house, the house of
the Lord. Father, we would see
a righteous people rise up and grab a
hold of the pulpits. And Father, we
would see the young Davids, the young
lion killers, go out there and say,
'Hey, we will serve the Lord.'And 'Who
is this uncircumcised Philistine that
he defies the armies of the living
God?'We
are not going to be the people that
shy away and say, 'Well, we're
just like grasshoppers.'But no, we're
going to rise up and say, 'We're taking
the land for
Jesus.'And
Father, I thank you, Lord,
that those are the kind of people we have: people
who
are not going to
preach with honey on their lips
and
cockroaches coming out of their mouth.
But Father, they'll be the ones that
rise up and say, 'Hey, you need to
repent and turn before you
burn.'Father,
I thank you, Lord. They'll have
a backbone behind the pulpit, a backbone
like a crowbar—people that rise up and
say, 'Hey, we know right from
wrong,'and
they preach repentance and the
coming of the Lord like John the
Baptist. I thank you, Father. I thank
you, Lord, that you're not done with
America yet. You're not done with
this world yet. We're
calling for one more harvest, one more
harvest of souls, one more glorious
outpouring of your Spirit, one more
touch of the fire of the Holy Ghost like
we've never seen
before. And the greater works will we
do, Lord. Father, I thank you, Lord, for
the greater works we will
do: touching our lives, touching our
minds, and touching our bodies in a
supernatural
way. Calling those things that be not as
though they were. Today we call those
things that be not as though they were.
And we say, 'We are all healed. We're
all whole. We're all well. We're all
delivered. You all have the mind of
Christ.'We
believe that.
And this will be a glorious, wonderful
Easter as we celebrate the resurrection
of our Savior. We don't have to be
bound by a devil's demonic stronghold
anymore; Jesus Christ paid the
price for you to walk in
victory—not
just barely getting by, but for you
to walk in
overflow. We believe that. You've got to
believe what the word says about you. I
just thank you, Father, that you're
stirring
our ministers.
You're stirring our preachers,
Father. We don't want to stay
the same. We want to go from glory to
glory to
glory. Lord, I don't want to be a person
that is the same this time next year as
what I was even last year. God
forbid we be the same
even a week from now, when there's
so much more for us to see, when there's
so much more for us to hear and know in
the revelations from the Holy Spirit.
Help us, Father, to know you more, to
have
a revelation of who you are more inside
of us, to come up higher with the fire,
to not stay stagnant, to put new wine
in
new wineskins, Father, and to keep
ourselves pliable. To keep
ourselves
pliable, Father, with the Holy Ghost
and
the washing of the water of the word; to
keep us pliable, Father, with our
garments. We're ready.
Our lamps are full. We're the
virgins with our lamps full of oil,
anticipating the coming of the Lord
Jesus Christ. Not being like the virgins
that would sit by and their lamps
weren't full and knew when the
bridegroom was coming and said, 'Well,
we better go out and buy the oil
now.'No,
we want to stay in that ready state.
We want to stay in the ready state,
Father, and say, 'Jesus Christ, fill us to
capacity
overflow,'but
not only for just us, but
for us
to take it to
the nations. Give me, Father, the glory, the
honey glow
all around me, God, that when
people see me, they see
you.
Help me, Father, to
stand in the darkness and people see it
and go, 'Man, Lord, you have more.
You've touched that man. There's
something different about that
man.'Lord,
we thank you,
Lord. Father, for the Holy Ghost dwells
on the inside of
us.
I know you want to touch them more than
we want to touch
them. I know you want revival more than
what we want
revival. I know, Father, that you want
these souls more than what we want these
people to get
saved. You put it in our heart to even
pray what we're praying right now. You
put it in our heart to even have the
desire to want to go pray for these
people. It wasn't my idea.
You gave me the mind to do it and said,
'Brandon, this,'and put the heart in
motion. I'm telling you, Brandon in himself
wouldn't want to do that; it has to be
the Holy Spirit to inspire me to do it.
It has to be the Holy Spirit that
inspired
me to put this YouTube channel
and to pray for you all and do what I
do. It's the Holy Spirit that does it.
So I just thank you that you increase
it, Lord. That you increase it. I thank
you, Father, that we increase it because
we know you want it more than us.
You want to see—you said, 'I want—not one
should perish.'Not
one should perish,
but
that all come to
repentance. All of them. One lady said,
'Well, not everybody's supposed to get
saved.'That's
not what the Bible
says. He wants that not one
should
perish. Not one, but all come to
repentance. All.
All means
all. She goes, 'Well, you
know, not everybody's going
to—'Well,
that might be so, but I'm believing God
for the best. I'm believing for all of
them and that God would be able to
snatch all of them out of
hell. He did not make hell for me; he
made it for Satan. And I'm not going to
participate in something he made for
somebody else. I'm not taking his 'poo-poo
package.'I'm
not taking it. He made
heaven for me, and I'm going to go to
heaven. I'm going to be in heaven. I'm
going to walk on the streets of gold.
I'm going to see what Jesus made for me,
and I'm going to enjoy it for
eternity. Glory to God! It's
coming. It's
coming. Father, we keep our lamps full
of
oil today. We keep our hearts right
before you today. We thank you, Lord. We
thank you, Lord, for the Holy Ghost and
the fire on our lives, changing us from
the inside out.
We're going from glory to
glory to
glory. Amen and amen. Do you all believe
that today? Was this encouraging to you?
I pray it was. I pray this helped you to
have some hope, to tell you that
you can make it in famine like Isaac.
I believe, yes, the best is yet to come
for the body of Christ. Yes, there
are
dark days for the world, folks. It's
going to get so dark that
you
can touch it. It'll be that dark. But
we're going to be so
light in that darkness that it'll be
moths drawn to a light. People are going
to be drawn to you. But what are they
coming for? Are they coming for just
some religious sermon, or are they going to
come and get
themselves
set
free? We can teach them old
religious Pharisee
teaching, or we can tell them the truth
of what Jesus Christ did for
them. There's a lot of religious stuff,
but I don't want any part of it. All I
want to do is be like him. And he
wasn't religious at all. He ticked the
Pharisees off. I want to tick the
religious Pharisees off. That's why a
lot of the people don't want me on their
shows to talk to me, because
I'm not going to conform to what
they want me to do and what they want
me to say. I'm not scripted. I am not
scripted. I will only do what he tells
me to do.
I will not
be controlled by religion, and I will not be controlled by
Christianity as a
whole—modern
Christianity, all this that I see out
there, TV Christianity. I will not be. I
will follow the voice of God and I'm
radical about it.
I know I do not fit the normal
mold of
things; I've been told that recently.
But that's all right. I want to walk
with Jesus and I'll be like John the
Baptist, eating locusts and honey in the
wilderness, and we're going to get a
bunch of people saved and we'll get out
of there. And when I get on the other
side, and you're the janitor and
you're cleaning my place, that's
fine—because
you didn't follow him on this
side of the earth. What you do on this
side affects the other side. Yes,
it affects the other side. You
think that you are such a much over
here and you've got this big ego over
here—a
lot of you, I've seen
them—and
you think, 'Well, I've arrived and I've
got all this going.'But you don't know
that the last will be first and the
first will be last. I keep myself humble
before him. Regardless of how people try
to pump you up and give you a big head
about things, or tear
you down,
my eyes are only on him. Diana's eyes are on
him. And that's why it's
hard, because you get a lot of religious
people that don't like you, especially
in
leadership, and they make it known. But
that's all right. I say, 'Hey, I walk in
love and we follow Jesus.'We follow
Jesus, and you don't have to put me on
your show. You don't have to do that
because I only want to be
where Jesus wants me.
You know, it's interesting. I will not
be in the mold of what people try to put
me in. 'You do what we tell you to do.
You say what we tell you to
say.'Oh
no, we will do what Jesus says
to say. And if you don't like that,
that's fine. You didn't want me on
anyway.
You let the Holy Ghost move. Yes. And a
lot of people don't want that. And
I thought they did. I
thought a lot more people did.
Boy, were we fooled.
Praise the Lord. I don't know
why I said all that, but it is what it
is. Click the subscribe
button. Show the world that
we're alive and we're there. Show
them that the Christians mean business.
By you making YouTube channels grow like
this, it shows the world that this is what
you're wanting to hear. The more the
world's channels grow, they go, 'See?
That's what they want. Advertise on
those channels.'Don't do it over here.
This is us saying something.
This is us
sticking
together. You subscribing and clicking
the notification bell—you're saying we
want more content like this.
We want people like that praying and helping
pray
for their nation,
versus whoever these—I'm not going to
name a secular channel that's growing
huge, you know, and they've got 100 million
subscribers or 10 million and you go,
'Wow.'And
all they talk about is trash.
I want to talk about Jesus. And I
appreciate you being here today. I truly
do. I appreciate your support. Comment
something nice down below for the
algorithm. And we appreciate it, y'all.
It really does
help.
God bless you all and we
just want to thank you. Thank you for
being here today. Well, put a smile on
your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we will see you
again soon. Bye-bye.